Adding example of cancelled operator (#29749)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/operators/Sink/cancelled.md

Immediately cancel the stream

## Example

> In this example, we have a source that generates numbers from 1 to 5 but as we have used cancelled we get NotUsed as return type and stream cancels.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
In this example, we have a source that generates numbers from 1 to 5 but as we have used cancelled we get NotUsed as materialized value and stream cancels.
```

It would be nice to have an example that more clearly illustrates how this compares to `Sink.ignore`... but I can't come up with anything nice either.

Author: I will think of such example and if something comes up in my mind... then I'll update this

> In this example, we have a source that generates numbers from 1 to 5 but as we have used cancelled we get NotUsed as materialized value and stream cancels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, we have a source that generates numbers from 1 to 5 but as we have used cancelled we get `NotUsed` as materialized value and stream cancels.
```

Author: I think docs play an important role for learners and so I'm contributing... I'll commit this suggestion then you can merge it
